>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
It's called, of
course, the secret war.
It has to do with shadow
people, and as you
know, listening to
"Coast to Coast AM"
over all these
many years, we have
talked a lot about
shadow people.
Heidi Hollis is an expert
about these entities.
Heidi, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>HEIDI HOLLIS: I am so
ecstatic to be here, George.
You have no idea.
>>NOORY: Shadow
people-- for a lot
of people who may not be aware
of what these things are,
give us kind of your version.
>>HOLLIS: I would describe
them as a very dark mass that
sometimes takes different forms.
They could come in a form that I
call head and shoulder shadows.
They're very large,
sometimes 10 feet tall.
Also, shadow cats,
shadow rodents,
shadow streaks-- I mean, just
any variety of dark mass.
And it gives off a different
vibe than a ghost would.
It's a very, very negative
vibe that people describe
when they're in the
presence of these.
And sometimes you can
see the very red eyes
when they lean a little
bit closer to you.
So they have a very
intimidating sense.
And you feel that
your soul is at risk
when you're in their presence.
So it's nothing to
be taken lightly.
And I used to, at one
point, get reports
from paranormal investigators
who were like, oh, Heidi, these
are just the shadows of ghosts.
Honey, you just wait
till you see one.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>HOLLIS: [LAUGHS]
Then you will know.
>>NOORY: Are they evil?
>>HOLLIS: Oh,
they're beyond evil.
They truly are as negative
as you can imagine.
>>NOORY: What's their mission?
What's their goal?
>>HOLLIS: You
know, individually,
when people report having
these experiences--
>>NOORY: And they do.
It's all over the place.
>>HOLLIS: It is.
It's all over.
And, gosh, what a shock that is.
But as a mission, they really
enjoy scaring the life out
of a person.
I toned that down.
The shit. [LAUGHS]
Because these things,
they like to feed off
from a person's fear.
So it's not about, oh,
they're just there lurking.
They do have a goal.
They do have a goal to try to
get to you at a sense where you
truly cannot handle the
fear that you've got.
And it's funny because a lot
of people have written to me
and told me the moment
that they just kind of let
go-- like they feel like
they can't take it anymore.
When they let go,
it leaves. [LAUGHS]
So it's as if it's had its fill.
>>NOORY: They've done
as much as they could.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's such a
disturbing trend.
And I feel terrible
about what it
is that people are
going through because it
is an individual war.
It's their own secret
war that's going on.
And it's to an extent where,
how do you go home at night?
You do your regular routine.
You go to bed or whatever.
And then you have something
from another dimension
attack you, scare
the life out of you,
and then you're
supposed to go back
to work and act like
nothing happened.
>>NOORY: Yeah, leave me alone.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah, yeah.
It's like your whole reality
has just been shaken up.
And people don't get it.
They don't get it
on a regular basis
to know this is a real thing.
They don't have many
people to relate to.
So I think that's the big
tragedy in a lot of this.
>>NOORY: When people
see objects out
of the corner of
their eye-- they
see a whoosh of an obvious
shadow something, whatever
it might be-- is that what
we're talking about, too?
>>HOLLIS: You know, if you
don't have a low flying
bat in your place,
and you know this,
and you saw a black
thing go past you,
that's a shadow streak.
That is something that
I would definitely
contend to be related
to these beings.
And sometimes it's just
them moving rather quickly.
When they're
stationary, they look
like a shadow cloud of sorts.
And it's odd because when
these shadow clouds form
in like a corner, they
get these like tentacles
that the kind of sprawl
out from the corner.
Oh, it just gives me chills
every time I think about it.
Because I get so
many reports of that.
And that was actually the most
common type of shadow being
that I saw myself, shadow
spiders is what I call them.
>>NOORY: Ew.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
I mean, really, any woman--
>>NOORY: I don't
like real spiders.
>>HOLLIS: Thank you.
Thank you, George.
I know that we can
relate on this.
Yeah, because shadow
spiders are disgusting.
Yeah, yeah.
No, no, George. [LAUGHS] I'm
about to take my shoe off.
No. [LAUGHS] But it's like--
>>NOORY: Smack.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah, yeah, right.
It's like for any
woman, any guy even--
I mean, when you see a
spider the size of your hand,
I mean, what are
you supposed to do?
And these things, for me,
they look very real, actually,
when I was experiencing them.
And it's terrifying to
see something so large
and then to be like--
this is my scenario,
how I would usually wake
up to these lovely things.
Something would hit my bed.
I wouldn't know--
>>NOORY: You could feel it?
>>HOLLIS: I could feel it.
It would hit my bed.
And it would start
walking up the bed.
And with every step, it
would move my blanket.
So I'm like, you know, wow.
>>NOORY: A shadow spider.
>>HOLLIS: A shadows spider.
>>NOORY: Like lift the
blanket up underneath it?
>>HOLLIS: No.
It's like it's on
top and it's walking.
And it's moving with every
step that it's taking.
And I mean, I don't even know
what kind of shoe I could get.
But I would run and try to--
>>NOORY: I was going to say,
you can't kill a shadow.
>>HOLLIS: But I didn't know
what I was dealing with.
I'm like, either there's
a man-eating spider
in my bedroom, or I'm
like hallucinating.
I didn't know what
I was experiencing.
And then I saw one that
took up the whole ceiling
of my bedroom once.
And I was just like, I'm dead.
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>HOLLIS: Oh, it was--
>>NOORY: Ready to fall on you.
>>HOLLIS: Oh, come
on. [LAUGHS] No.
It's like the scene
from the Hobbit, OK?
Part Two.
Everybody knows what
I'm talking about.
I was ready to
just run. [LAUGHS]
I had no idea what
I was up against.
And to have that
sense of horror,
I mean, and it's so strange,
because a lot of people,
they get paralyzed with the
fear of seeing these things.
I was very active, George.
[LAUGHS] I was very active.
>>NOORY: You can't
blame people for being
petrified when they
see these things.
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
Yeah.
And I couldn't
understand-- and initially
when I was getting these reports
of people being paralyzed,
unable to function,
and I'm like,
gosh, it sounds a lot
like alien abductions.
They're just like--
>>NOORY: They do.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah.
And it was odd.
It was really odd.
>>NOORY: You had
mentioned earlier
that these creatures might be
coming from other dimensions.
I've long suspected that.
I've long suspected
that there could
be some kind of a
warp that's uneven.
And somehow they filter through.
And they come in that way.
Because I'm not sure
they're coming at will.
What do you think?
>>HOLLIS: Well, I
think that there's
an interesting thing that's
going on in regard to that.
A lot of my understanding in
regard to the shadow people
comes from an alien source.
It's a little odd.
It's a little different.
But this alien
source had indicated
to myself and my
college roommate
that if you're in a
room, close your eyes,
and try to imagine the room.
Any part of the room that
you can't really get a good--
>>NOORY: Feel for.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah, or
image in your mind
of what it looks like,
that's a doorway.
That's a doorway,
that's a doorway,
and that's where
they come through.
And these beings, their goal is
to essentially get at everybody
at some point.
So they truly are on
their own type of mission
where they're trying to
gain access to people.
And every opportunity
that they can, they will.
Another thing that was
indicated to me when
it comes to these
beings-- negative beings
in general, negative
aliens, shadow people--
over the tops of
everybody's head,
there's essentially
like a tunnel.
And it can be seen
at a distance by
these different interdimensional
beings, these beings that
could go in and out of
our view, essentially.
So they can see it.
And they could go over
the top and essentially
funnel straight down
to where you are.
And this is the tunnel that you
see at the end of your life.
Like a near death
experience, people
describe seeing a tunnel
with a light at the end.
And these things are able to
access that and access you
at any point.
So it's like when people say,
oh, a person is too open.
Well, if your tunnel is
open, put a blocker on it
so they can't just
funnel down to you.
That is important.
But these beings are
showing up a lot more
because their time
is running short.
>>NOORY: Are they
coming on their own?
Or are we summoning them up?
>>HOLLIS: Oh, I think both.
I think there's too many people
that are just really digging
this ghost hunting type thing,
going out into the graveyards
and calling things
into themselves.
And these things love that.
They love the negative.
They love anything like that.
>>NOORY: That's how they feed.
>>HOLLIS: They do.
They feed right off
from these people.
So yeah, some people
are welcoming them.
And they're having a lot
of problems with them.
And they're wondering,
gee, what is going on?
And then I get a
letter from them.
And it's just like, you
know, stop going out
to the graveyard, OK?
Just quit.
>>NOORY: I had an
episode years ago.
>>HOLLIS: Oh, really?
>>NOORY: Don't think I'm nuts.
>>HOLLIS: It's just
between me and you.
>>NOORY: I'm driving
someone at night.
And I see, scurrying
across the road--
you know what an
armadillo looks like?
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: This was like that,
except it's had antenna.
And it was a whole line of
these little shadow rodents.
>>HOLLIS: Oh, wow.
>>NOORY: It must have been
about eight to 10 of them,
small, pointy little nose,
all shadows, antenna.
And they were going
right across the road.
As I drove, I felt like I was
going to run right over them,
but I didn't know if they
were real or what for a while.
>>HOLLIS: Right.
>>NOORY: What the
heck were they?
>>HOLLIS: You know what?
When I went on you show and
you told me about the shadow
rodents, that was the first
that I had heard of them.
But I have heard of low
clouds and things like that.
But something so distinctive
as what you described
was, you know, I had not
heard of prior to that point.
But then I had another--
not a whole lot,
but a couple other witnesses
come forward describing--
>>NOORY: They've
seen similar things.
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
And they are just another
form that they take.
They could take any
form that they want.
>>NOORY: I thought
I was hallucinating.
But they just looked too real,
too organized, too disciplined.
They were in a line,
totally unaware of me,
and just doing
their thing, which
brings up an
interesting question.
Are they sometimes
unaware of us?
>>HOLLIS: I think
sometimes they're
unaware that we're
paying attention.
I think that they don't
always like to be caught.
My very first encounter
with one of them
actually involved one that was
very, very upset that I saw it.
Broad daylight,
walking with my friend,
and I didn't know
what I was looking at.
It was huge.
It was one of the head and
shoulders shadow beings.
And this thing was ducking
behind trees and bushes
and just moving along the
path in broad daylight.
>>NOORY: Doing its thing.
>>HOLLIS: Doing its thing,
followed us where we're going,
followed us on the way back.
By the time we reach my
friend's home, I'm like, look,
I don't know what I'm seeing
here, but I saw this thing.
And I just drew the
head and shoulders,
which looks almost like a
man with its head directly
connected to its shoulders.
I know guys like that, but
this is something different.
[BOTH LAUGH]
>>HOLLIS: And I think my
friend is going to laugh at me,
like, Oh, Heidi, come on, what?
And takes one look at the
drawing and is just like, oh,
him again.
Yeah, I don't know who he is.
He's been following
me for years.
>>NOORY: Strange.
>>HOLLIS: It was like, hey,
Dad, that thing is back.
He's like, oh, is he?
And I'm like, [GASPS] And
now, right after that, I
had to go upstairs
to grab something,
and it confronted me.
And I mean, it was trying to
block my way out of the room
that I was in.
And I don't even
know how to describe
what that kind of
horror feels like.
Because I knew if I ran,
it was going to get me.
If I swung at it, it
was going to get me,
like it was going to
feed upon that fear.
I don't know what told me that.
It was in me to know.
And I felt like it wanted
to rip my throat out.
I mean, it's such
a strange thing.
>>NOORY: Have they ever
hurt people physically?
>>HOLLIS: I have
actually received
reports of people who have
been attacked to the point
that they thought they
were going to die.
One of their number one favorite
things that they like to do:
jump on a person and choke them.
And it's like, well, gosh,
what is one of the worst ways
to die?
Slowly choking.
So they're truly trying to
get that out of a person,
is how I feel.
But you know,
there's another level
that goes with what
they do, though, too.
Because for the people that
they've been successful
in, perhaps, killing,
how would we know?
You know?
>>NOORY: How would we know?
You know, people
die in their sleep.
>>HOLLIS: All the time.
>>NOORY: How do we know it's
not some kind of shadow entity
that has killed them or scared
the living daylights out
of them that they died of a
heart attack in their sleep?
>>HOLLIS: Exactly.
>>NOORY: I've always
suspected that.
What causes a person
to pass in their sleep?
And some entity comes.
Or whatever they
see is so horrible.
You know, [CHOKING NOISE]
And they're gone.
>>HOLLIS: Right, right.
It's a terrible, terrible
thing that's going on.
And it's like, well,
how do we-- essentially,
why is it so
important to get rid
of these things is what I always
try to get at with people.
Because if you're constantly
being harassed by these things,
they're just a little bit
too close for comfort.
And it's a matter of
protecting your soul.
Because people have
been seeing things.
And they're going down
the end of their tunnel,
and there's an alien.
These beings, if
they're so close to you,
they might just be waiting at
the end of your tunnel for you
to get over there.
So I recommend to people
don't entertain these things.
I've had so many people write me
ever since I went in your show
in '02, George.
>>NOORY: That does it.
>>HOLLIS: What is the deal?
You have magic or something.
But [LAUGHS] I went
on your show in '02.
I wrote this book in '97.
It took me two
months to write it,
four years to get it published
because publishers are like,
very interesting story, but
never heard of this phenomenon.
And I couldn't talk about it.
I was told never to talk about
it until the book was out.
So when they got a hold of
the book, I was just getting
turned downs, turn downs.
And then I had promises they'd
publish, and then they didn't.
But I finally just went
and got it published,
went on your show.
I didn't know, didn't have
the slightest inkling,
how people would take
it-- none at all.
And I'm just like, well,
George, shadow people.
Shadow people?
Yeah, shadow people.
It's just like I have
been inundated ever since.
>>NOORY: It hasn't stopped.
>>HOLLIS: Thousands-- I
have thousands of reports.
I mean, it just does not stop.
And I was almost upset at how
much was going on already.
I had no idea that others
had experienced this.
And it hurt me,
because the information
that I gathered on
the topic was when
it starts to expand
to such an extent,
the end is kind of near for
an all-out battle of all
battles-- I mean, good and
evil, the whole shebang.
That was in '02, so
it hit me hard then.
And it's been just
getting worse.
And it's just been
getting worse and worse.
And I'm like, I don't know how
to help people more than-- how
do you fight the dark
but with the light?
And that's why-- I think
it was on your show,
you said this to me.
When I came out
with my Jesus book--
it's based on Jesus encounters,
called Jesus is No Joke--
and when I came to
talk to you about it,
you're like, Heidi, are
we losing you? [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Yeah.
What's happening to you, Heidi?
>>HOLLIS: [LAUGHS] I was like,
no, George, I'm still there.
How are you doing?
But it's, like, to the
point of, you know,
I had the most darkest
things going on.
And I had actually
kind of looked away
from my faith quite a bit.
I mean, I was raised Christian.
But when you could
see a UFO clearer
than you could see an
angel, it just happens.
You look away.
And I know a lot of
people that happened to.
So I kind of looked away.
And I kind of went
full circle back
when I had these encounters
that I couldn't deny,
and I wasn't going to.
I'm the type of
person, like, I could
care less what people think
when it comes to this topic.
Because I think it's
more important that we
act as ourselves in presenting
these topics without,
I don't know, having to speak
in a high, angelic voice
or wear fluffy robes.
>>NOORY: When we
were kids, we would
talk about the
boogie man, right,
this guy that would
come out of a closet,
this dark, shadowy figure.
Might that be a shadow
person, the boogie man?
>>HOLLIS: I think he is
a sort of a boogie man.
And there's more than
one, these shadow people.
>>NOORY: That was
my next question.
Is there one guy
who goes everywhere?
Or a whole group of them?
>>HOLLIS: A whole army
of these shadow people.
And one of the things
that I guess I'll
have to distinguish
a little bit later
but having to do with something
I call the hat man shadow.
And I had to correct
myself on that.
And I'll tell you a little
bit more about that.
But it was a
phenomenon that really
steered in a
different direction.
But when it comes to the
shadow people in general,
having to build my
faith up to push
those things away
was absolute key.
I mean, me just
standing there trying
to get a baseball bat to kill
a giant shadow spider wasn't
going to cut it.
>>NOORY: I can just see you
whacking away at this thing.
>>HOLLIS: Trust me, my
college roommates are like,
what are you doing?
I'm like, give me a second.
Because I think if I get it
this time, it will never return.
But it just kept going
on and on, and I'm like,
what is going on?
But I was able to combat
it on a different level.
But I didn't know what it was
that I was personally seeing.
Because there was
a phenomenon that
was going on in my shared
space with my college roommate.
And we would see
these spheres of light
that would come in
through the windows
and go after these
shadowy things.
And I'm like, did you see that?
>>NOORY: Like to try
to gobble them up?
>>HOLLIS: It would
literally attack--
>>NOORY: Like a Pac-Man?
>>HOLLIS: No, it
would literally,
like they would
disappear, almost
like turning a flashlight
on in the dark.
They would go away.
And I'm like, what is this?
I had no clue what it was.
There was so much going on, and
it happened wherever I moved.
I'm like, so either I'm
haunted, or something else
is going on here.
And it was at a level of I
was watching a secret war,
which is why I called
my book, The Secret War.
>>NOORY: It's still ongoing.
>>HOLLIS: Yes.
I mean, it was literally the
light going after the dark.
And to get front-row
seats to that,
I even had some friends stay
over like just to watch.
Because it was so active.
It's just like,
everybody, pay attention.
It's like, something's is
going to happen at some point.
And it usually did.
>>NOORY: What is the
bottom line, Heidi?
What are they after, souls?
Are they working for the devil?
>>HOLLIS: Well,
you know, I think
that darkness is darkness.
People put titles
to it and try to say
it's going this
way or the other.
I do believe that
the things that
are written of in the Bible
that talk about the devil
could take on any
form, or darkness
form, it's really
shadow people that
are able to do that.
Call it what you may, but all
that's really important to know
is to get rid of it.
Do not entertain it.
>>NOORY: How do
you get rid of it?
>>HOLLIS: Building
up your faith.
And that's why I
went the route that I
did, also to share the
more spiritual journey.
I had to go full circle.
I turned away from faith.
I had to go full circle
and go back to it.
Because if I
didn't, I don't know
if I'd be able to
talk to you sanely.
Because there was
so much going on.
And I learned to
have a sense of humor
about it, too,
because if you sit
there all anal on
these topics, I
know how to clear
a room, George.
I know how to clear a room,
scare everybody to death,
they won't sleep for weeks.
But then people aren't growing.
They're not learning.
So what is the
point of doing that?
So my goal was to
find this route
that I could relate as
I am, as silly as I am.
And just enjoy life and
acknowledge that the paranormal
is real, too, without
getting all weird about it.
So it's finding the balance.
It's acknowledging yes,
this stuff exists, but also
to protect your
soul and your spirit
in the face of these things.
Because it's not
just a possibility
the shadow people may show up
at some point in your life.
It will come.
It will happen.
>>NOORY: Do they
come during moments
of strife, moments of stress?
>>HOLLIS: I think they create
a lot of those moments.
It's not just them coming
during those times.
I think they're part of it.
I've received so many emails and
heard so many stories of people
who are like, we moved
into this new place
and we just started
going at each other,
just yelling and
screaming and fighting.
And then we saw
these black things
on the side of our vision
every once in a while.
Well what is going with that?
And then they got a
better look sometimes.
And they're like, this
was a common theme.
And they realized
they had a problem.
There was an infestation
of these shadow beings.
And they needed
to get rid of it.
But you know what's
important, though, too?
A lot of people who live in a
place or have been to a place
where it's highly haunted,
they'll often find a shadow
person is also lurking around.
And they're like,
why is that going on?
>>NOORY: But they're
not ghosts, right?
>>HOLLIS: They are not ghosts.
They are not ghosts.
But one of their
things that they do--
and I don't talk
about this so much,
but they're kind of
a harborer of souls.
Why are they lingering
in a certain space?
>>NOORY: Good souls?
Bad souls?
>>HOLLIS: It just
seems like they'll just
hold on to whomever.
And they're usually responsible
for the ghosts or the souls
that are trapped in a place.
And that's their doing.
Were those people
experiencing shadow people
during their lifetime?
Perhaps.
And that's why they got 'em.
I have a lot of friends that
are psychics and whatnot.
And it's like, I never
try to knock people
for what they believe to
be true for themselves.
That's fine.
It doesn't hurt me to hear that.
But they believe, oh,
the ghosts are here
because of this, this, and that.
And I'm like, you
know, sure, maybe.
Maybe they are.
But sometimes they're trapped
because something held them
there.
It's not always they
had unfinished business.
For me, it's like when
you see, oh, there's
a cute little five-year-old
ghost running around.
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
>>HOLLIS: What God do you know
would punish a five-year-old?
[LAUGHS] I'm like, hold on.
Think about that.
Perhaps maybe something is
trying to look all innocent.
Because these shadow
people can make
themselves look like
whatever they want.
Or perhaps they trapped a kid.
But I really don't
think that these
are five-year-old
kids running around.
>>NOORY: What bothers you the
most about these shadow people?
>>HOLLIS: How often
they are gaining access
to people and kids, too.
They are terrorizing children.
They are terrorizing everybody.
And how people don't always
recognize the danger.
I mean, I have
family members that
have been harassed by them.
And I'm like, bless your home.
Clean it out.
Do this type of thing.
And they're just like,
well, it's kind of neat.
No, no, no.
Don't entertain those.
Get rid of it.
Because the closer
it gets, who knows?
Maybe it will
choke you to death.
You just don't know.
So it's a matter of
taking the initiative
to put your ethereal foot
down in their backside
and send them on their way.
One thing that's
important to note
when it comes to the shadow
people topic, a lot of people
think I came at this as a
paranormal investigator.
I grew up in a haunted house.
I had an interest in the ghosts,
just what the heck are they?
But I wasn't like, hey,
kumbaya ghost for me.
Hunting ghosts,
I didn't do that.
But I did have some
UFO encounters.
And I had a situation where
I woke up to like nine grey
aliens in my apartment once.
>>NOORY: Nine?
>>HOLLIS: Nine.
It was absolutely nuts.
I'd spoken to you on
your show about it.
And it was the
craziest experience.
It's strange, but this is how
shadow people got launched back
into my life.
I'd seen the one that
followed my friend.
And I had joined this
UFO discussion group,
and a lot of the people
that were in the group
were alien abductees.
I'd only seen like huge UFOs.
So you could go
if you saw a UFO.
So I went.
Well, I saw-- I woke up.
I heard noise in my apartment.
And I lived alone.
I'm like, oh, my God.
Somebody broke in.
I'm about to die.
My phone's not near me.
I'm like, what do I do?
Adrenaline's pumping.
And I jump up.
And my door was wide open.
And lo and behold, there's
like pint-size, like children
little things with
their backs to me.
I'm like, hold it.
I'm not scared anymore
because there's
children in my apartment.
But they're bald-headed.
I walked up in
between two of them
going through my bookshelf.
And I looked at the one.
I looked at the other.
And they had my
stuff in their hands.
I'm like, who are you guys?
What are you doing here?
Put my stuff down.
It was strange.
But going through my
apartment, there was others.
And one of 'em-- all of them
didn't have clothes on except
for one.
It had suspenders.
Not suspenders, but like
a jumpsuit-type thing.
And I grabbed it.
And I picked it up.
And I kind of--
>>NOORY: Shook it.
>>HOLLIS: Yeah, I did.
[LAUGHS] I'm so sorry.
But I didn't mean
to abuse an alien.
But it was actually
one of those hybrids.
It was half human, half
alien-type looking thing.
But to make a long story short,
right after this incident,
maybe a day or two, one of those
big, black, head and shoulder
shadow things came
into my place.
And I'm like, what is this?
I just got rid of
these little creatures.
And now I see these big,
massive, black things.
I had no idea what was going on.
But I'd seen this before.
It was following my friend.
From that point on, it
became this ongoing onslaught
of seeing these creatures.
And I was always describing
it to my friends,
this big, black thing came.
And I'm just like,
you know, I'll just
call them shadow people.
These shadow people
things came again.
And they're just like, what?
And then I'm like,
shadow spiders.
And then I moved.
It still kept going on.
I got a college roommate.
And she was very religious,
Pentecostal, don't
talk to me about your
crazy stuff type of thing.
I said, OK, whatever.
But she saw aliens.
And they see through things
and shadowy things, too,
in the apartment.
And then she had an incident
where an alien being
jumped on the hood of her car
and started speaking to her.
And she was in such a
panic talking to me.
She called me up, Heidi, I don't
know what I saw, oh my God,
and just carrying on.
In the middle of class she was
calling me and just freaking
out.
I'm like, calm down.
What are you're talking about?
An alien jumped on the hood of
your car in the broad daylight?
I had never heard such a thing.
She said, and you know
when you go to a dentist
and your mouth goes numb?
I'm like, yeah.
She's like, my mouth
went numb and it
started answering me
using my own mouth.
And I'm like, OK.
I didn't know what
to think of it.
Later on, we meet up.
I'm talking to her.
And she essentially told me, I
feel like I need to meditate.
I'm like , should I leave?
We're sitting in my car.
It's just like, what?
I didn't know you meditated.
What?
And this entity started
speaking through her.
She had a very thick
Hispanic accent prior.
It reduced and started
talking about things
that I knew she didn't
know things about.
And then I'm like, hold on.
Who is talking?
And what is going on here?
And it described itself
as being an alien
and said its name was Cafth.
C-A-F-T-H. And I'm
like, OK, Cafth.
If you're an alien, show
yourself type of thing.
And a hum filled the car.
And I don't how to say, but
right between the two of us
formed this pinkish,
fleshy form.
And I was like, OK, OK,
I think I see something.
[LAUGHS] I see something.
And then I was like, oh,
but it's not really clear.
And it spoke through her again.
It said, well, you
have weak human eyes.
And I'm like, well.
A blow to us humans.
>>NOORY: They seem
to be everywhere.
Heidi, we're out of time.
I want to thank you for
being on "Beyond Belief,"
>>HOLLIS: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: Heidi
Hollis-- creatures,
entities, shadow people,
they're out there.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]